Add Bonsai integration (#345)
DataDog/integrations-extras: bonsai/README.md

## Overview

Track request level metrics for your Bonsai clusters to:

* Visualize the performance of your clusters
* Correlate search performance with application performance
* Create alerts

![snapshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/omc/IntegrationTemplate/master/Bonsai/images/snapshot.png)

## Setup

Integrating your cluster with Datadog requires submitting your API key to the bonsai app.

### Step 1 - Aquire API Key

> Navigate to https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api and copy the API Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Datadog, navigate to [Integrations --> API][1] and copy your API Key.
```

Reviewer: Put links at the bottom of the page in a list:

`[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api`

![snapshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/omc/IntegrationTemplate/master/Bonsai/images/copy_key.png)

### Step 2 - Submit API Key

> Navigate to https://app.bonsai.io/clusters and click the cluster you want to integrate.  Navigate to the Manage tab and scroll to the bottom of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to [Bonsai --> Clusters][2] and click the cluster you want to integrate.  Navigate to the Manage tab and scroll to the bottom of the page.
```

Reviewer: Put link at the bottom of the page:

[2]: https://app.bonsai.io/clusters

> Under the "Datadog Integration" section paste your API key and click "Activate Datadog"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the "Datadog Integration" section paste your API key and click "Activate Datadog".
```

![snapshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/omc/IntegrationTemplate/master/Bonsai/images/activate_datadog.png)

### Step 3 - Verify

If your key is valid, you should see the integration as active.

![snapshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/omc/IntegrationTemplate/master/Bonsai/images/datadog_activated.png)

Within a few minutes, request metrics are available in your Datadog dashboard.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> See [metadata.csv](https://github.com/omc/IntegrationTemplate/blob/master/Bonsai/metadata.csv) for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [metadata.csv][3] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.
```

Reviewer: `[3]: https://github.com/omc/IntegrationTemplate/blob/master/Bonsai/metadata.csv`

Metrics are tagged for each cluster, so you can segment based on clusters.  The tags look like:

```
cluster:my-cluster-slug
```

### Events

> The Bonsai integration does not include any events at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bonsai integration does not include any events.
```

### Service Checks

> The Bonsai integration does not include any service checks at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bonsai integration does not include any service checks.
```

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog Support](http://docs.datadoghq.com/help/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Datadog Support][4].
```

Reviewer: `[4]: http://docs.datadoghq.com/help/`

## Further Reading

> Learn more about infrastructure monitoring and all our integrations on [our blog](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about infrastructure monitoring and all Datadog integrations in [our blog][5].
```

Reviewer: `[5]: https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/`
